jopeck: come on, charlie! hold on to that ticket! run for it, charlie! run straight home and don't stop 'til you get there!
30. alley
slugworth: i congratulate you, little boy. well done. you found the fifth golden ticket. may i introduce myself. arthur slugworth, president of slugworth chocolates, incorporated. now listen carefully because i'm going to make you very rich indeed. mr. wonka is at this moment working on a fantastic invention: the everlasting gobstopper. if he succeeds, he'll ruin me. so all i want you to do is to get hold of just one everlasting gobstopper and bring it to me so that i can find the secret formula. your reward will be ten thousand of these. think it over, will you? a new house for your family, and good food and comfort for the rest of their lives. and don't forget the name: everlasting gobstopper.
31. buckets' house
charlie: look, everyone, look, i've got it! the fifth golden ticket is mine!
grandpa joe: you're pulling our legs, charlie! there aren't any more golden tickets.
charlie: no, grandpa, the last one was a fake; it said so in the papers. i found some money in the street, and i bought a wonka bar, and the ticket was in it.
mrs. bucket: charlie!
charlie: look at it, grandpa, see for yourself!
grandma josephine: read it, joe, for heaven's sake!
grandpa joe: "greetings to you, the lucky finder of this golden ticket, from mr. willy wonka. present this ticket at the factory gates at ten o'clock in the morning of the first day of october, and do not be late. you may bring with you one member of your own family but no one else. in your wildest dreams you could not imagine the marvelous surprises that await you!" charlie, you've done it!
mrs. bucket: i can't believe it!
charlie: grandpa? it says i can take somebody with me. i wish you could go.
grandpa joe: charlie. ah, that's good. now help me up. oh!
charlie: are you okay?
grandpa joe: oh yeah, i'm fine, charlie.
grandma georgina:
mrs. bucket: easy, dad.
grandma josephine: joe! watch it, joe!
grandpa joe: look at me! look at me! up and about . . . i haven't done this in twenty years.
charlie: grandpa!
grandpa joe: i never thought my life could be anything but catastrophe but suddenly i begin to see a bit of good luck for me
'cause i've got a golden ticket i've got a golden twinkle in my eye
i never had a chance to shine never a happy song to sing but suddenly half the world is mine what an amazing thing
'cause i've got a golden ticket it's ours, charlie! i've got a golden sun up in the sky slippers, charlie!
i never thought i'd see the day when i would face the world and say
charlie and grandpa joe: "good morning! and look at the sun!"
grandpa joe: i never thought that i would be slap in the lap of luxury 'cause i'd have said
charlie: "it couldn't be done"
grandpa joe: but it can be done
oooh! the cane, charlie! ah! ahhh! here i go! watch my speed!
grandpa joe: i never dreamed that i would climb over the moon in ecstasy but nevertheless it's there that i'm shortly about to be
charlie and grandpa joe: 'cause i've got a golden ticket i've got a golden chance to make my way and with a golden ticket it's a golden day
grandpa joe: good morning! look at the sun!
charlie and grandpa joe: 'cause i'd have said, "it couldn't be done"
grandpa joe: but it can be done
i never dreamed that i would climb over the moon in ecstasy but nevertheless it's there that i'm shortly about to be
'cause i've got a golden ticket
charlie and grandpa joe: i've got a golden ticket i've got a golden chance to make my way and with a golden ticket it's a golden day!
mrs. bucket: wait! stop! it says the first of october; that's tomorrow!
grandpa joe: jumping crocodiles, charlie! we've got a lot to do. comb your hair, wash your face, polish your shoes, and brush your--
mrs. bucket: i'll take care of everything, dad.
grandpa joe: we don't have too much time.
charlie: grandpa . . . on the way home today, i ran into mr. slugworth.